The Qin family is a big local household in Shu Du
Now it has developed into the Shunan area
Super rich
Back then, your father and Haiping
When entering the market of Shu Du?
Is it the Qin family who brought a lot of people to encircle and suppress?
Evergreen consortium and Xingyao marched into Shu Du together
It refers to a large consortium of over 100 million
It's going to split up.
If you have a headache, you can investigate your father's affairs at this time.
Probably not
If that girl from the Jiang family is interested
It might be smoother if he got involved.
Xiaoyi
Hey, look who's here, ouch, ouch fellow, young master
Oh, you miss me so much. Why did you just wake up?
Xiaoyi fellow's body has just recovered
Let him sit down and walk